---
layout: project
title:  "Solutions for Industrial Accident Prevention"
short_title: ""
oneline: ""
date: 2021-01-01 00:00:00
author: Admin
categories:
- projects-2021
img: 2021-CPU_.png
website: 
desc: ""
---
As the leader of Team 721, participated in the 2021 Campus Patent Universiade, advancing to the first round of presentations. Our selected topic was in the Patent Commercialization Sector: A7: Method and System for Motion Based on Interactive Service, proposed by the Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute (ETRI). Proposed a solution utilizing CCTV and patrol robots to automatically build a training dataset for a model recognizing hazardous behaviors and accidents, aiming to prevent industrial accidents and respond effectively when occur. During this process, received advice from rofessors, companies, institutions, factory officials, and patent attorneys. Reviewed industrial accident reports and analyzed the market impact of the Serious Accident Punishment Act and government policies. Created a technology tree and OS matrix, and designed a patent circumvention strategy based on registered patent information. Using IPC patent classification codes in WIPSON, conducted patent searches, and provided ETRI with a detailed analysis using methodologies such as personas, PESTEL, 3C/FAW, SWOT, 4P, and the Business Model Canvas. Additionally, proposed a marketing strategy based on technology transfer and provided information on expected total sales profits and societal contributions based on expected growth rates, as well as potential areas for business expansion.