---
layout: project
title:  "Byte: AI Animate Digital Comic"
short_title: "Byte"
oneline: "Byte is an animate digital comic artwork that embodies a poignant reflection on humanity’s future amidst the transformative wave of AI, both in content and form"
date: 2024-03-01 00:00:00
author: Admin
categories:
- projects-2024
img: 2024-Byte.png
website: 
single_page: true
excerpt: "Byte is an animate digital comic artwork that embodies a poignant reflection on humanity's future amidst the transformative wave of AI, both in content and form. The title, a nod to data measurement units, cleverly echoes the familiar canine action of 'biting', weaving a rich tapestry of meanings."
authors: Seonuk Kim
sidebar:
- "Under review at CVPR AI Art Gallery 2024"
- "[Video](https://youtu.be/DJPgTRPZQTk)"
---

"Byte" is an animate digital comic artwork that embodies a poignant reflection on humanity's future amidst the transformative wave of AI, both in content and form. The title, a nod to data measurement units, cleverly echoes the familiar canine action of 'biting', weaving a rich tapestry of meanings.

This piece draws inspiration from the emotional journey of commemorating Eve, a beloved Pomeranian and long-time companion of a colleague, whose recent passing has left a profound impact. I honor Eve's memory through this tribute. The narrative unfolds in a series of evocative panels: the initial encounter between a girl and the Pomeranian, the poignant moment of the dog's passage over the rainbow bridge, and the girl's eventual meeting with an AI-generated Pomeranian bearing an uncanny resemblance to her late friend. The climax presents a poignant exchange between the girl and the Pomeranian, posing the question, "How many bytes in memory?"

This query delves into the essence of intelligence, reliant on memory, a concept not exclusive to AI but intrinsic to all life forms, including humans and dogs. Memory serves as a bridge, connecting computing units to the rich tapestry of experiences that define a lifetime. While AI has the potential to immortalize our existence, it also prompts us to ponder the nature of happiness and the future of humanity in this eternal paradigm. The artwork suggests that the path forward could lead towards stagnation in nostalgia or progress through comfort and innovation.

"Byte" not only commemorates the transformative power of art in the digital age but also raises awareness about the potential shifts in artistic expression. Created in March 2024, exclusively using accessible open-source AI algorithms, including the text-to-image model Stable Diffusion XL and the image-to-video model I2VGen-XL, culminating in a digital comic format through Premiere Pro—all within a mere six hours. This process underscores AI's role as a pivotal tool for creators, capable of deconstructing and redefining artistic forms, echoing the transformative essence akin to the deity Shiva in Hinduism. The artwork's concluding homage to the esteemed scientist Robert Oppenheimer, "Now AI becomes death, the destroyer of worlds," encapsulates the dual nature of creation and destruction inherent in technological advancement.

This piece is a testament to the intersection of technology, memory, and emotion, offering a compelling narrative that invites viewers to contemplate the profound implications of AI on our collective futures.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/DJPgTRPZQTk?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>